Yes Hi , I've forgotten several times this time, so it's about time
Mr. It is those who are thought that I should quit the count the number of times
Yes
Manemol 's daily blog channel
It does not mean that you
In that comment
I have had several
The guard of honorifics seems to have been attached
As much as possible really it is here of the channel but I think that more expensive fix that
I want to take out my own self at that time I'm trying to do my luck
Even if you can point the camera
Well I'm pointing myself but 8
Well that Well of this story is rubber gloves
It is the tone or I be I think Na whether seen in this month adult
It will come soon
It is not a level that came through the sound
May not know that it is already really Ademo little ne camera over it seems map Kin Kin
I'm sorry but it looks like orange It's gold close to orange
Um why
This is the manic panic I have
Well look Could was'm Ah Ke_botsu doers I'm a blue-violet later Baccarat
Hmmm blue purple, but the complementary color of purple to meet is yellow
Well the color of this area from the color of anywhere in the sides, if that is not clean enough yelling it's probably likely
No way, everything is orange
Not a become a predator and not a map shrill from now
Well, it's white that it's corrosion , but it 's various things that counteract
If it is so orange, the predation will change from blue-violet to blue
So
What a stupid feeling that
this
I feel soothing like a of this Well in short This put
Because in Well Oh, and there remains only about one time I'm would use the time being
That in a little while ago of Amakaraku shop by door from another timbre and its Kochikyo is bad and it is this
Midnight
Dark blue that is blue
bought
Well there are many other plans, but there is a lot of that shocking blue
The sky is beautiful
Well Ne First wonder if I feel like a color of the gloves gloves
Feeling that such a feeling flower and midnight blue really turned blue
Oh here is easy-to-understand here is shocking here is whether this right is in midnight blue
And like a really such a feeling of distinctively I wish and thin that
so
In terms of color, it is dark blue
I would like to use all the rest of this new day to dye
If you are talking about this color chart or that predation, it will be a sumo spray for 3 minutes
I
It will be tomorrow that he is dyed
I will take it now, but tomorrow will be a stock as yes
Since the issue Well tomorrow
Oh dear
This wonder if'll keep even part 12 a
By say Well
Ms.'s daily life is 8 today
It was an explanation
Explanation of explanation color
was
See you tomorrow if it is good because it's supposed to be a scene that you're dyed properly
By I
Today I will come here again